README.md, before:

## Who am I?

Hello 👋, I'm **Fernando**.

- 👨‍💻 With 10 years of experience as a software engineer, I've developed a deep passion for intelligent systems.
- 🦾 During the day, I lead as the principal engineer at [Megali](https://megali.dev).
- 🌃 By night, I'm a loving husband and father of two 🐶 and four 😸.
- 👁️ In my leisure time, I enjoy long walks, silence and observing the mind while it wanders.
- 🇧🇷 Based in sunny Brazil, I'm looking to help you and your business, so together we can help the world.

## Professional information

I continuously seek positive-sum games and collaborative opportunities worldwide. For more about my professional background, please take a look at my [resume](https://fernando.megali.dev).

## Contact me

Feel free to contact me via email, on LinkedIn, or on Discord.

<a href="mailto:fernando@megali.dev">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/fernando-canteruccio">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
</a>

<a href="https://discord.gg/W7w9K72N">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" />
</a>

Commit message:

Revise professional description in README
Updated job role and added game development interest.

README.md, after:

## Who am I?

Hello 👋, I'm **Fernando**.

- 👨‍💻 With 10 years of experience as a software engineer, I've developed a deep passion for intelligent systems.
- 🦾 During the day, I work as a software/ML engineer building bespoke solutions for companies and partners.
- 🌃 By night, I'm a loving husband and father of two 🐶 and four 😸.
- 👁️ In my leisure time, I enjoy long walks, silence and observing the mind while it wanders. I've also been trying my hand on game development.
- 🇧🇷 Based in sunny Brazil, I'm looking to help you and your business, so together we can help the world.

## Professional information

I continuously seek positive-sum games and collaborative opportunities worldwide. For more about my professional background, please take a look at my [resume](https://fernando.megali.dev).

## Contact me

Feel free to contact me via email, on LinkedIn, or on Discord.

<a href="mailto:fernando@megali.dev">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gmail-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" />
</a>

<a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/fernando-canteruccio">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" />
</a>

<a href="https://discord.gg/W7w9K72N">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Discord-7289DA?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white" />
</a>
